§1. Language - Warn / Jail / Mute

	Native languages are allowed, but in the globalchat we use english so everyone can be included in the convrtsation or understand you
	
	1st offence  Warning
	2nd offence Jail. - 60 seonds
	3rd offence, mute 300sec


§2. Spamming - Kick / Warn / Mute / jail
	Spam in this context refers to repeated use of the same command and repeatedly state the same statement.

	Kicked by the sever for flood request 
	Abusing flood requests may result to:

	 		1st offence Warning
			2nd offence, mute 300sec
	 
	§2.1 Spamming in "/@" May result to :
		 
			1st offence Warning
			2nd offence, mute 300sec
			3rd offence, jail 120sec


§3. Offences

	§3.1 	Provocation
				Provoking a player with purpose, is not accepted in the community, it will result to an appropiate punishment 
		 			e.g 
		 			repeaded Spawn killing, hidden insults, Arguing, using offensive nick names. Being stubborn over religious or political views.

	§3.2 	Insults
				An offence is actually considered by the offended player, but use comon-sense  

			We recommend you notify the offender that the statement or 	action is offending. If it repeats, report it on Discord.

			1st offence

			 the player will be verbally warned that this kind of behavor is not tolerated. 

			2nd offence 
			the player will be jailed for 120 seconds

	§3.3	Family Insults
				In this case where refering to any "attack" towards a player's personal relations, such as Family, friends, etc..

				1st offence
				warning / Kick
						2nd offence
						Jail 600 seconds

						Repeated offences may lead to longer jail time, or taken as a Discrimination see §3.4 
					


	§3.4	Discrimination
				Using offensive comments regarding Sexual gender, sexualorientation, religion or Race, this kind of behavior is not tolerated in the server at all.

					1st offence

					You will recieve a clear warning and it will be logged.

					2nd offence
					Jail 600 seconds, as a clear warning, logged

					3rd offence 
					1 week banned from the server

					Repeated offences may lead to longer jail time / perm banned. 


§4. Unsupporting play - Warn / Jail / Ban
	
	§4.1	Boosting / Win trading 
				Boosting Ecash, items such as Whiteflag, Blackflag, Assasin note or stats.

			1st offence 
				logged Warning + jail 300sec

			2nd offence 
				Jail, + ecash reset / item reset
			
			3rd offence 
				Jail + ecash reset / item reset + job reset

			Repeated offenses may lead to ban from the profession

	§4.2	Exploits 
				Exploiting a feature or a bug(s) which gives you an adventage, which is not intended in the Game Design 

				Exploit e.g:
					Farming Ecash,   
					Spawn kill,
					* Farming Armour,
					(e.g. abusing limo, event armour / health)
					Quitting to avoid death, 
					*  War-bugs 


			1st Offence 
			Verbal warning

			2nd Offence
			logged Warning + Jail 300sec

			3rd Offence
			account reset + Jail 600sec

	§4.3	Using real life currency
			Selling accouunt / items / Ecash / Betting.


				1st offence
					Verbal Warning

				2nd offence
					logged warning + item / ecash reset 
			
				3rd offence
					1 week ban + item / ecash reset


§5. Bots and software assistance - Warn / Ban

	§5.1 	Cheats and Hacks.
			involves a player using methods to create an advantage beyond normal gameplay, in order to make the game easier

			1st offence
					verbal Warning

				2nd offence
					logged warning

				3rd offence
					1 week ban


	§5.2  	Aimbots, triggerhead, Artificial lag/ fps lag, Parkour, Rapid 
		Fire Mod, macro  switch etc.. 



	§5.3 	World - Hack
				What is considered as world  hack is
				Parkour, map modifications which is not intended in the game.

	§5.4	 Other modifications
			e.g visual design for 
				skin,
				weapon,
				vehicle,
				house,
				map,
				keybinds

		Is allowed, unless they gives you an adventage

		1st offence
			Verbal warning, kick.

		2nd offence 
			logged Warning / 1 week ban
		3rd offense  
		1 - 4 weeks ban + Account reset


§6. Multiple accounts - Warn / reset / Ban
		A multiple account is two or more accounts, it gives you an adventage, and its not allowed


		1st offense 
			Warn, account reset
		2nd offense  
			1 day ban, accounts reset
		3rd offense  
			1 week ban account reset


§7	Vehicles 	- Jail / Kick

	§7.1 	Grand theft auto in vehicle registrations areas 
			By Carjacking a player to gain adventage over a vehicle in vehicle registration

			1st offense 
				Kick / 300sec Jail + vehicle reset
			2nd offense 
				Kick / 600sec Jail + vehicle reset
			3rd offense 
				1 Day ban.

	§7.2 Vehicle kill 

		Automatically kicked from the server, and suspected.

			1st offense 
				Kick + suspect

			2nd offence 
				jail 120sec

			repeaded offencses may increase jail time


§8. Spawn killing 
	Killing a player at spawn, before the player has spawned propperly ea 15seconds.

 	Automatically kicks the offender. 

	Repeatedly actions will be considered as Discrimination or bullying redirect to  rule §3.4


§9. Random Deathmatching - Warn / kick / Jail
	This is an Role Play Game Server, we do not randomly kill or attack people.

	Reported player

	First offense warning / kick.
	Second time jail 120+ seconds


§10. Fighting in safe zones - warn / jail / kick
	Safezones are considered in zones which Sends a message to players such as: 
		"Fighting is forbidden"
	Fighting is conidered as punching or other ways, which decreasing a player's health


   	1st offense 
   		Warning / slap

  	2nd offense 
  		kick / jail 120+ seconds

   	3rd offense 
   		Jail 500sec



§11 Virtual Private Network 

	§1.1 Virtual Private Network
		Virtual Private NSetwork describes any technology that can encapsulate and transmit network data.
		
		VPN is not allowed, as the Network define you as a Player

		1st offence
			Verbal warning + kick

		2nd offense
			Ban

   		Using VPN to evade a ban increases the length of the ban with one month.
  		Assisting other players in this action will result a day or two ban


§12. Threats / Blackmail / Scam  - Jail / ban / account deletion
	§12.1 Threats / blackmail
		suggest something unpleasant consequenses will happen, especially if a particular action or order is not followed

	§12.1. Scam
		A confidence game, or other fraudulent scheme, especially for making a quick profit 
		
		e.g by Ace
			Seller manipulates the price, sell it for higher than it's original deal. verbal agreement is the same as a written one.
			Values of the current item / vehicle / house etc. is considered for the player, but the player can't change his mind after 
			using the command to sell unless he /cancel the deal first. redirect to §4 Unsupported play 

	Those offences are quite offensive towards the server, it's disencouraged by the admin team

		1st offence
			Logged warning + item / ecash etc.. reset

		2nd offence
		 	1 - 4 week ban + account reset

		3rd offense
	 		2 months ban + account deletion		

§13. DM jobs (Authority / Hitman / Criminal / (Vice) Godfather)  Events
	§13.1 Authority 
			Breaking the laws as an Authority, is considerend as job abuse.

			(Go to own site for the laws of San andreas)
			1st offence 
				Verbal warning

			2nd offence
				Logged warning and job reset

			3rd offence 
				1-7 days ban

	§13.2 Participating events while using a mobile / tablet.

			Is allowed, unless its Death Match, Team Death Match.

			1st offence
				Warning

			2nd offence
				600 seconds jail

			3rd offence
				1-7days ban


Important message : 
	Any continously rulebreaking may increase the punishment, which will be decided by the admin team
	Be aware the rules may change at any time, its your responsebility to be updated on the rules

	
	

Explaination
	War-bugs :
		lifefoot,
		C-bug, 
		slidebug, 
		2shots, 
		floorbug,
		Menu 

** :
 	This is allowed in free DM events

Feel free to ask our admin / helper team about the rules, if you dont understand use google.
We hope this set of rules will get you and your friends a better experience as a player in the server, we'd like you to enjoy the game
Sincerely,
	The admin team